You are depressed
3 years ago, you must have used the kindness of 0 cigarettes
Lame for sympathy
Three years later, you are married to a serious injury
You know if I pursue it
What will happen to you
Did you know
What will happen if you talk to me like that?
Hahahahahaha
I, Ye Aoyun
Young Master of Tengyun Chamber of Commerce
Trillions of family wealth
People were all around the building.
Even the Dragon Palace is no exception
You are the first to dare to talk to me like this
It's just that it's not something high and earth
No wonder he has been poor.
Tengyun chamber of commerce
Across Qingzhou
Yangzhou Yizhou
Weizhou
It has existed since the founding of Daxia
iterative inheritance
Incense reproduces
But since Ye Changjiang took over
Business has been losing money year after year
Reputation
And in recent years, it has shown even more
It's quite a sense of struggling
If I'm not mistaken
Ye Changjiang is your father and you
Ye Aoyun
It is the Tengyun Chamber of Commerce that has only taken over in recent years
Well, that party is about to start
Old Gu is also on the way.
Let's take a seat first
Go go go go go
Take a seat in advance and wait for the old
And rightly so.
But since it's a banquet
There should be a primacy.
Therefore, the old man remains in place
I presume you don't make sense
Just how to arrange the seating under this main seat
Don't mess with the etiquette
I suggest
Based on personal assets
Seats are arranged layer by layer down
It's both fair and just
It won't cause unnecessary conflict.
As for some impermanence
I also like to cheat eat and drink
If you go to this wine table
Just tarnish this dinner party
The identities of all of you
This thank you banquet
This family can participate
But this wine table is not yet available to him